Develop (#26)
emotional-help-competition/backend: README.md

> # Emotional Help
> 
> ## Business case
> Our company provides a psychological assistance service (consultations with psychologists, trainings and therapy).
> We are creating a tool that would help us help more people and support our clients.
> Our vision is that the first step for understanding yourself and your state is to understand what you feel, what emotions you are experiencing and why.
> It is often difficult for people to identify specific emotions, and therefore we want to help them with this first step with the help of an emotion map.
> With the help of simple psychological questionnaires, we can help define an emotion that will build a personal map of emotions for each of our users.
> If the user is worried that he feels a certain range of emotions and this interferes with the quality of his life,
> we will offer him simple tips to cope with emotions or work out his states in more detail using the services of our service.
> 
> # Java 11 Sprint Boot Maven application.
> 
> # How to run the project
> 
> * clone the repo and go to root folder
> * ``mvn clean build``
> * ``java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=dev target/*.jar``
> 
> Local server is going to deploy on 8080 port of localhost
> 
> If you specify profile=prod, the application should start on MySql DB,
> 
> else the application should start on h2 database by default (profile=dev)
> 
> # Security scanning status
> [![CodeQL](https://github.com/emotional-help-competition/backend/actions/workflows/codeql.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/emotional-help-competition/backend/actions/workflows/codeql.yml)
> 
> ## HTTPS
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Emotional Help

## Overview

It is often difficult for people to identify specific emotions, and therefore we want to help them with this first step. 

For that purpose, we have created a tool that would provide a simple psychological questionnaire to identify a personal map of emotions and provide high-quality psychological assistance.

So, if the user is worried that he feels a certain range of emotions and this interferes with the quality of his life, we will offer him simple tips to work out his states using our service.

## Technical details

We use Maven and Java 11 to develop our backend application.

### Configuration:

The main logic is based on the Spring Boot framework which provides two profiles:
- `profile=prod` to use MySQL for DB storage
- `profile=dev` to use H2 for DB storage

Local server is going to deploy on 8080 port of localhost.

### How to run the project?

* clone the repo and go to root folder
* ``mvn clean build``
* ``java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=dev target/*.jar``

## Project status:

Security code scanning: [![CodeQL](https://github.com/emotional-help-competition/backend/actions/workflows/codeql.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/emotional-help-competition/backend/actions/workflows/codeql.yml)
```
